we're going to begin with the latest
threat Israel has issued to the people
of Gaza amid the destruction fear and
bloodshed caused by the military's
Relentless bombardment Israel has now
warned 1.1 million Palestinians to move
South for their own safety this is
Northern Gaza home to the jabala refugee
camp it's the largest in the strip and
116,000 people live there the shatti
refugee camp is one of gaza's most
crowded it's also in the north along
with large number of un facilities and
hospitals including gaza's largest the
alifa hospital Israel wants all these
people including un workers to move to
the south of Wadi Gaza un Aid workers
say the relocation of so many people is
impossible it's not clear how they could
make that journey through rubble and
constant Israeli bombardment to the
South un run schools in the South are
already full of thousands of displaced
Palestinians taking
shelter Israel's threatened to further
increase bombardment of the northern
Gaza Strip but the armed group has
responded by calling on Palestinians to
stay in their homes Israeli air strikes
have killed more than 1500 Palestinians
since Saturday when Hamas launched its
military operation Israel has dropped
6,000 bombs on Gaza since the war with
Hamas began and more keep falling every
hour more than 423,000 Palestinians
that's nearly 20% of gaza's population
have now been forced from their homes
Johnny on the phone from K yunus in Gaza
is our correspondent yumna El uh this is
where the Israelis are suggesting that
those 1.1 million people moved to from
Gaza City you've made that Journey talk
us through what that was like
you yes Nick I've made that Journey on
uh having to that Journey thinking about
my kids and thinking about my family and
what would happen to them if we did stay
the journey was a devastating Journey we
had to go through we had to wait for
hours uh for other cars that were able
to get toan units from Gaza to tell us
what where the roots and the streets
that they W they they drove into that
were safe for us to drive into uh so
that we can walk away from the rubble
and the bombardment and and and we see
so many people even on their foot uh uh
with backpacks uh carrying backpacks
with their children going going towards
the South it's a very long way drive
from G City towards the South but people
are this desperate nick uh to to to run
for their lives to do whatever they can
to in order to at least try to save
their kids from what is coming the
unknown what uh Israel is saying that it
will carry on the Gaza Strip after uh
2:00 pm. local time which is um um which
is right now this is 2 pm local time it
gave uh like 24 hours since 2: am in the
morning until 2 p.m this afternoon for
people to evacuate for
1.1 million people to evacuate from Gaza
City and the north towards the South yna
Israel is saying that people need to do
this for their own safety but are you
getting any indications that they would
be any safer if they moved further south
what is security like
there well how is it for their safety
when Israel knows for sure because it
knows exactly every single Corner in the
Gaza Strip that there is no space for
these people the capacity the entire
capacity of the government of kanun
wouldn't take this people it's it's
asking them to do something that is
impossible Israel that it's impossible
for this amount of population to add to
the already
population that is found in hanun and in
ra to get to to to carry all this people
and yet it is still asking them to do so
H nevertheless it's also asking the
hospitals and doors and the UN schools
to evacuate those displaced how will
these people get to to to the South
there no cars uh working there's no
Transportation people who managed to get
to Kan unit they drove in their personal
cards so it's it's basically asking
people to do something that Israel for
itself knows it's impossible and yet the
bombardment is still going on in in in
this in the south in governance kanun
and Raa so basically we just we just
feel now that we ran away from
bombardment to another place of
bombardment but we we're yet to
experience what Israel is uh is planning
to do in the upcoming hours to Gaza City
to the northern Gaza yumna we saw just a
about an hour or so ago we had pictures
that were being fed to us of what
appeared to be leaflets that were being
dropped we think over Gaza City but
we're not entirely sure about the the
the location do you have any more
information about that do you have any
idea what if these were leaflets what
they were
saying yes these leaflets are always uh
dropped by the Israeli military uh every
time they want to EV uate a certain uh a
certain place so these let's say for the
people of the north Gaza and Northern
Gaza and Gaza City to evacuate to uh the
southern uh part of Gaza Strip which is
after W Gaza which starts from uh hanun
and Rafa so it's basically telling the
population for sure to evacuate while
the population is left desperately
asking how do we evacuate and where do
we evacuate yumna thank you very much
indeed that's yumna say talking to us
from conun in southern Gaza